:memo: Add Ingestion Service Documentation (#402)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/tools/index.md

Moves data from microservices into the Analytical Platform's [curated databases](../data/curated-databases) in a standardised way.

### [Ingestion](ingestion)

> An SFTP based services that allows users to ingest data into their AWS environments. Additionally scans files using ClamAV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SFTP based service that allows users to ingest data into their Analytical Platform data warehouse.
```
